{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green77\blue187;\red51\green51\blue51;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs20 Addon Name: Ravalox' Quest Tracker\par
POR revision:  170208:3.4.4.3\par
\par
----------------\par
\b Addon Description:  \par
\b0\par
Ravalox' QuestTracker provides a more intuitive tracker than the in-game provided tracker interface.  (see screenshots)  The interface can be left on the screen or hidden via settings.\par
\par
\par
Features:\par
\par
* Use the ZOS Tracker keybind to cycle through quests (default "T")\par
* Can switch between the game's tracker and Ravalox' Tracker in the settings menu\par
\par
* Backdrop can be disabled or changed color and texture.\par
* Background can be "faded" to become any level of transparent\par
* Can optionally Display the number of open quests in each Category or Zone\par
* Each quest can optionally display the level of the quest\par
* Quest Tooltips can be enabled or disabled in the settings menu\par
* Optionally show Quest Tooltips when a quest is accepted\par
\par
How to use:\par
\par
+ Lock icon will allow for the UI to be dragged around the screen (by dragging the bar at the top of the UI) when unlocked.\par
+ If the tooltips option is selected, a tooltip window will appear when hovering over a quest.\par
+ Right click on a quest to display quest mangement options. (Share , Abandon, or show on map)\par
+ Click on the Category to expand or collapse the list.\par
\par
\par
Slash Commands:\par
/qt  ... slash command line help menu.\par
/qth ... Toggle the QuestTracker UI on or off on the fly.\par
/qta ... Toggle show/hide all Categories and Quest entries on the fly.\par
/qtl ... Toggle the QuestTracker UI lock on or off on the fly.\par
/qts ... Show and Expand all Quests only in the Selected Category.\par
/questracker or /qt settings ... Directly access the settings menu.\par
\par
----------------\par
\b Revision History / Change Log:\par
\cf1 v3.4.4.2\par
\tab * Updated to API 18\par
\par
\cf2 v3.4.4.2\par
\tab * Updated to API 17\par
\par
v3.4.4.1\par
\tab * Updated to API 16 \par
\par
v3.4.4.0\par
\tab * Put a workaround in place for missing icon.\par
\tab   Will correct at a later time.\par
\par
v3.4.3.2\par
\tab * Updated to API version 15\par
\par
v3.4.3.1\par
\tab * Updated to API version 14 (1.9)\cf1\par
\par
\cf0\b0 v3.4.3.0\par
* Fixed a bug with the first time load of the addon\par
  setting the ZOS QT to hidden\par
\par
V3.4.2.0\par
* Fixed crash when no quests are active (no quests in list)\par
* Fixed various formatting problems\par
\par
Known Issues: v3.4.2.0:  \par
\tab\tab   Issue with text being cut off (under certain conditions)\cf1\b\par
\par
\b0\par
\cf0 v3.4.1.0\par
* Fixed "hide default Quest Tracker" behaviour.  \par
\par
v3.4.0.46\par
* Added QuestTraker window Auto Size options\par
* Added AccountWide/Character Settings option\par
* Additional /slash commands and help menu updated\par
* Re-organized Settings Menu\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1080\li1080\tx1080 * Hide QT window when unit is in combat\par
\pard\nowidctlpar * Sort quests (within Category) by level\par
\par
Known Issues: v3.4.0.3:  \tab None.\cf1\par
\par
\cf0 v3.3.0.4\par
\par
* Added dragbar color option\par
* Settings menu look/feel adjustments\par
* Eliminated left indent\par
* Added /slash command for lock/unlock ui.  (/qtl)\par
* Modified some slash commands to be toggles eliminating redundancies\par
* Added UI lock option in settings menu\par
* Added Display choices for lock Icon\par
* Added Option to force all quests in Active category open on login.\par
\par
Known Issues: v3.2.1.0:  \tab None.\par
\par
v3.2.1.0\par
\par
* Corrected bug where hide background on lock setting was not working after a reloadui/login cycle\par
* Removed left side content indent\par
* Added option to show the QuestTracker while in the settings menu\par
* Added Font options\par
* Added /slash commandline help \par
\par
Known Issues: v3.2.1.0:  \tab None.\b\par
\par
\b0 v3.1.1.0\par
* Added a feature to expand all nodes in the list.  This fesature is enabled in the settings menu, and can be controled during play via slash command.\par
* Fixed override quest colors where under certain conditions the colors would not display correctly.\par
* Added option to chat alert to include quest details\par
* Adjusted items in the settings menu for better "flow"\par
* Changed Saved Variables to accountwide\par
\par
Known Issues: v3.1.1.0:  \tab None.\par
\par
v3.0.0.2\par
* Addon Re-written; code cleaned up and features added.  Thanks to Circonian for the re-write!  Transitioned to Ravalox from ECG\par
v2.3.5.2\cf1\b\par
\cf0\b0 * Updated to ESO 2.2 100013 API 1.8\cf1\b\par
\cf0\b0 v2.3.5.1\par
Updated to correct "T" key quest cycle behaviour. (with thanks to Circonian for his assistance!)\par
Completed quest steps (for quests with mutliple steps showing) will now be greyed out)\par
\par
Known Issues: v2.3.5.1\par
* QT UI flashes on the screen during questgiver conversations (and assorted other times). \par
* Under certain circumstances, Crafting quests (certification and writs) cannot be selected \par
by mouse. They can still be cycled by "T" key or Journal menu.\par
\par
I have a partial fix in the works for the flashing issue. Circonian had written a modification that corrects the flashing but the QT UI scrambles when the Journal menu is used to change quests or a new quest is added. I've put in additional code that corrects this but causes an additional update issue. (therefore this fix is a WIP)\par
\par
Since the Cycling of the Crafting Writs is a sporadic issue (it's affecting only two of my characters on my client, so ... odd.) I will work towards a solution, but it will not be as high a priority. :-)\par
\par
\par
v2.3.4.0\par
Corrected code to work with ZOS changes to internal quest tracker. (They are preparing for Gamepad and Keyboard integration causing changes to ZOS Quest source code.)\par
\par
v2.3.3.3\par
This update is to support ESOTU 2.1 (API 1.7)\par
**NOTE: This addon is currently broken. Additional code needs to change to make it compatible with ZOS' quest tracker API changes.\par
\par
v2.3.3.2\par
This update (2.3.3.2) only updates supporting documentation to reflect the transition from Wykkyd to Ravalox and Balkoth under the name of Exodus Code Group. The LUA addon/library code has not been changed.\par
\par
v2.3.3.2\par
\tab First Version supported by Ravalox and Balkoth\par
\par
v2.3.3.1 \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi720 This is the Last Wykkyd Gaming version.  Transitioned to Rav/Bal.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\cf3\b ----------------\par
Known Issues:\par
\tab\par
\tab none\par
\par
\cf4\b0 ----------------\par
\b Features to implement\b0 :\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1080\li1080\tx1080\par
+If no quests in the list - \par
\tab Option 1: You have no Quests :-(\par
\tab Option 2: Hide QT Window \par
\par
+Active Category name color picker  (Category Options)\par
 (for highlighted category)\par
\par
\par
+Adjustable size of dragbar? (Interface Behaviour)\par
\par
+Toggle Crafting Writs  (Quest Options)\par
\par
+Option to open Category for the current zone when entering a zone\par
   + option to select closest quest/condition as active quest\cf1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab (Category Options)\cf0\tab\par
-----------------\par
\b COPYRIGHT NOTICE:\b0\par
\par
DISCLOSURE:\par
\pard This Add-on is not created by, affiliated with or sponsored by ZeniMax Media Inc. or its affiliates. The Elder Scrolls\'ae and related logos are registered trademarks or trademarks of ZeniMax Media Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. All rights reserved. You can read the full terms at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://account.elderscrollsonline.com/add-on-terms"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf4 https://account.elderscrollsonline.com/add-on-terms}}}\f0\fs20\par
\par
COPYRIGHT:\par
\par
This ESO add-on package and any other package or files created or maintained by Ravalox including the ESO Wykkyd add-on line are covered by Creative Common Copyright.  These addons are to be distributed without cost via outlets only approved of by the above entities.  \par
\par
USE OF SOURCE:\par
\par
ESO Addon authors may use any portion of script/sourcecode from my   addons (including the ESO Ravalox or Wykkyd addon line) with permission and as long as proper credit is givin in the resulting addon.\par
\par
Please contact Ravalox via support@ecgroup.us to obtain permission for use of code snippets, to request permission to distribute, or report unauthorized use/distrobution.\par
\par
\par
SPECIFIC RESTRICTIONS:\par
\par
The software and accompanying documentation may not be provided by a "backup service", other vendor or outlet which does not obtain permission to distribute an original package, including but not limited to all original scripts, source, compiled code and documentation.\par
\par
Offical distrobution sites:\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.esoui.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf4 www.esoui.com}}}\f0\fs20  - Search for "Ravalox" to locate my addons.\par
}
 