-----------------------------------------------------------------
-- Recount v0.5.5
-----------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Recount is a damage meter and combat log addon which is still in development.

Based on Fayn's work (Copyright by him)
Updated and maintained by McGuffin since 0.4.0
Updated by Shadow-Fighter since 0.5.1

This addon uses the following libraries:
- Seerah's "LibStub" (http://www.esoui.com/downloads/info44-LibStub.html)
- Seerah's "LibAddonMenu-2.0" (http://www.esoui.com/downloads/info7-LibAddonMenu.html)
- Seerah's "LibMediaProvider-1.0" (http://www.esoui.com/downloads/info56-LibMediaProvider.html)

-----------------------------------------------------------------

-- Slash commands --

/recount
/recount hide
/recount show
/recount min
/recount restore
/recount mode
/recount reset

-----------------------------------------------------------------

-- Release Infos --
v0.5.5 (Garkin)
- updated from LibAddonMenu-1.0 to LibAddonMenu-2.0
- added LibMediaProvider-1.0 support
- minor changes

v0.5.4 (Shadow-Fighter)
- updated to API 100011 (Update 6)
- minor changes

v0.5.3 (Shadow-Fighter)
-Added "COPYRIGHT" file
-Removed Zos disclaimer from Recount.txt and added into COPYRIGHT file
-Added credits to Seerah's LibStub and LibAddonMenu into COPYRIGHT file

v0.5.2 (Shadow-Fighter)
-Added "ReadMe.rtf" file (this document)
-Updated LibAddonMenu-1.0
-Enabled the settings menu again

v0.5.1 (Shadow-Fighter)
-Settings menu is temporary disabled to work with the Update 5
-Addon menu revised to Update 5
-API Version updated to 100010 (Update 5)

v0.5.0 (McGuffin)
-Updated api version
-Added an option to disable auto show/hide switches. If enabled, the RecountUI can only be toggled through command shortcuts
-Added Zos disclaimer in Recount.txt

v0.4.9 (McGuffin)
-using a self damage skill (like equilibrium) doesnt start a new combat session anymore

v0.4.8 (McGuffin)
-Added a shortcut to switch modes backward. The existing one still switches modes forward.
-The dps is now calculated with a minimum 1 second timeframe, to avoid crazy unrealistic spikes.
-Added a player death detection to fix a ZOS bug, when sometimes, the end of combat event never triggers as it should when the player dies 
-The out of combat trigger is now slightly postponed, in order to avoid an issue when the combatlog_events are not perfectly synchronized with other combat_events
-The actual combat session also starts when a player enters the game in a middle of a fight (or if the user triggers a reloadUI during combat.)

v0.4.7 (McGuffin)
-Fixed a (badly declared) local var that had a bad side effect.

v0.4.6 (McGuffin)
-added an option to set critical/tick tag in the combatlog
-the Recount UI should not popup again after a gameUI close if it was hidden before.

v0.4.5 (McGuffin)
-Total dps/hps are now computed throught active combat duration.
-Added a timestamp in the combatLog section
-small cleanup

v0.4.4 (McGuffin)
-added keybinding for "toggleShow", "reset", and "toggle mode"
-You can scroll over both combat log and skill stats
-fixed scroll limit for skill stats

v0.4.3 (McGuffin)
-Recount now hides itself while the player is in game UI (map, inventory etc.)
-You can scroll the statistics bars with the mousewheel on mouseOver (This doesnt work with the combatlog yet, only bars)
-Small code fixes

v0.4.2 (McGuffin)
-Recount should now correctly shows/hides itself while in/out combat with the "hide in combat" setting.
-Dps calculation is now more strict and datas are only collected during combat
-Skill Bar refresh is frequency has been reduced and streamlined

v0.4.1 (McGuffin)
-added an option in option menu that allows to not show each skill crit/hit statistic
-Self damages (like equilibrium) are now excluded from dps calculation

v0.4.0 (McGuffin)
-added critical strikes statistic. Values are separated in each skill for periodic and direct damage/heal.
-default fonts has been reevaluated
-max % of bars now fits the skill that has max value
-fixed some nil errors
-updated last libs

-----------------------------------------
v0.3.2 and previous versions (Fayn)
-----------------------------------------


-----------------------------------------------------------------

How to manually install addon:

- Go to the "Elder Scrolls Online" folder in your Documents

  For Windows: C:\Users\<username>\Documents\Elder Scrolls Online\<version>\
  For Mac: ~/Documents/Elder Scrolls Online/<version>/

  (replace <version> with the client you're using - "live" or "liveeu")

- You should find an AddOns folder, if you don't, create one.
- Extract the addon from downloaded zip file to the AddOns folder
- Log into the game, and in the character creation screen, you'll find the Addons menu. Enable your addons from there.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
